PivotGrid: update Integration with Chart (#6964)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/PivotGrid/150 Integration with Chart/30 Customize the Chart/30 Customize the Value Axes and Panes.md

- **panes**: <span style="font-size:12px">Array</span>        
Allows you to customize the automatically-created [panes](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/Chart/40%20Panes/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Panes/Overview/'). Each object in this array can contain fields described in the [panes](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration/panes '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/') property description. When this array holds several objects, use their [name](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration/panes/name.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/#name') field to identify the pane.

> The **customizeChart(chartOptions)** function is designed mainly for customizing the automatically-generated Chart elements. However, the argument of this function accepts any [property](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/') of Chart that configures the UI component's appearance. Alternatively, you can specify the needed properties as usual - when you design the Chart. They will be merged with the properties returned by the **customizeChart(chartOptions)** function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **customizeChart(chartOptions)** function is designed mainly for customizing the automatically-generated Chart elements. However, the argument of this function accepts any [property](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/') of Chart that configures the UI component's appearance. Alternatively, you can specify the properties when you design the Chart. They merge with the properties returned by the **customizeChart(chartOptions)** function.
```
